-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[gunfire]
[explosion booms]
Goodbye.
my most trusted friend.
Stay out of your sister's way.
You need to work together.
The business stays as is.
You look cold. Come on.
Let's get you in a blanket.
[gasps. groans]
[shushes]
It'll be over in a second.
[♪ tense music playing]
[grunts]
Hey.
My name. Lovely.
♪♪
[car door closes]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[♪ tense music playing]
[birds chirping]
[labored breathing]
[Lovely]
We have to help her.
It's a bad idea.
For you. for me.
[sucks teeth]
She's bleeding on my kittens.
[kitten meows]
[groaning. whimpering]
This girl is trouble
you don't need.
-I will dump her on the beach.
-No!
I had a dream I pulled a tiger
from the ocean
before I found her--
-She's not a tiger.
-That is a Tiger Stone.
What is the message?
I don't know yet.
[Stanley] Just 'cause
you had a dream about her
doesn't mean I have to help.
[Etta groans]
Oh. no. no!
S-stop. stop!
We do not wish to hurt you.
[breathing heavily]
You need a hospital.
[groaning] No hospital.
No hospital.
[crying]
Hospital means cops. No cops.
See? Trouble.
[Etta cries]
Do you want her to die in here?
Then I could dump her.
Stanley Cheri.
Where can we take her?
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[groans]
This way?
♪♪
[knocking on door]
[Maribel Torres]
Go away!
[in Spanish]
Véte comer mierda coño!
[Etta groans]
Aquí no.
Hey! I'm with a patient.
She is badly hurt.
She needs help.
No. Get out
of my operating room.
Uh! But you are a doctor.
Not for this.
Gunshots. stab wounds.
That is trouble.
No trouble here.
I stay away
from everything illegal.
Everything here is illegal.
Get out. Get out.
But you are a doctor.
You vowed to treat people
who need it.
She needs your help. please.
Saving lives once
meant something to you.
It's my own ass I save now.
You do not fix her. she dies
right here in your house.
Then you will have real trouble.
Police will come.
find out what you do here.
[breathing shakily]
[♪ tense music playing]
Wait outside.
Okay!
[♪ tense music playing]
-[forklift beeping]
-[workers chattering]
Kazimir!
[Kazimir] You lose
entire shipment of women. yeah?
Shrinkage happens.
Fucking shrinkage?
Mateo. you guaranteed me
the shipment would make it.
Another shipment is en route.
[Samuel]
Arrives in a few days.
And what you do
of escaped women?
Nothing. They're in the wind.
Better women drown
than be in the wind.
I do deal with you
behind Federov back.
He hear about women in Miami.
women that he not traffic.
he start asking questions. He--
Our partners are discreet.
Your boss won't find out.
You don't know Federov.
Former Spetsnaz: wet work.
motherfucking torture--
I've heard the rumors.
It's... [scoffs] Rumor?
It's not fucking rumor.
Federov find out and I die!
And we'd lose a very important
business partner.
I can keep you safe.
[scoffs] Safe.
Not possible.
It is if Elias stays with you.
You've heard the rumors
about him.
Elias will protect you
until the shipment arrives.
That's how much
I value our partnership.
[in Russian] Khorosho?
[exhales sharply]
[in Russian]
Dah. Dah. Khorosho.
[in English] I'm sorry.
This is a little tense. okay?
Okay.
[in Russian] Spasiba.
[speaks Russian]
[clears throat]
[exhales sharply]
He loses his nerve.
don't let him do
anything stupid.
Sam will join you soon.
♪♪
Let's get Caroline
out of the way.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
[thuds]
♪♪
[in Spanish]
Hola. hermanos.
Caroline.
-What's this?
-[scoffs]
I'm making
Dad's favorite dish.
To honor him?
Sam gets it.
What's your excuse?
I can think of better ways
to remember him.
[snaps fingers]
How about we do a shot?
-Make it two.
-I'll join you.
To Dad.
To all he built
and all he sacrificed for us.
[in Spanish]
Salud.
-Salud.
-[glasses clink]
[Samuel clears throat]
-[Mateo coughs]
-[Caroline laughs]
-[Samuel coughs]
-Still disgusting.
-[Samuel] No finish at all.
-Awful.
-Mm. mm. mm.
-[Caroline clears throat]
To Dad...
-[Caroline] Mm-hmm.
-[groans]
...and his shitty taste
in liquor.
[all laughing]
[glasses clinking]
[glasses thudding]
[Samuel coughs]
Come. I want
to show you something.
-[exhales sharply]
-[groans]
[button clicks]
[♪ mellow music playing]
[Mateo]
Abaka?
How'd you come up with that?
It's one of Haiti's
most beautiful beaches.
A Haitian name
for a building in Miami?
For a sky rise in Little Haiti.
[Samuel]
Plant your flag there first.
[Caroline] Exactly.
I need an extra 20 million
to lock in the bid.
-Take out a loan.
-At six percent?
Fuck you. Teo.
Dad promised
the money would be there.
-Gonna take a few weeks.
-Dad also promised
once he was gone.
nothing would change.
This sounds like change.
What happened?
Doesn't concern you.
[Caroline]
I control 51% of RRG holdings.
My real estate business cleans
your money. so guess what?
It does concern me.
What happened?
[sighs]
The Jonzes became a problem.
They had to be eliminated.
[♪ tense music playing]
-Dad's most reliable runners?
-They were skimming.
Is this true?
I was as surprised as you are.
Other developers are circling.
one project will be approved.
-A vanity project?
-A legitimate revenue stream!
If you can make it solvent.
Complete legitimacy
is what Dad wanted.
Like any good father
would want for his children.
Unless. of course.
you want your sons
to follow in your footsteps.
Is that what you want. Teo?
What Gabi wants?
You leave my family out of this.
We'll get you your money.
How?
I'll sell a piece
from Dad's collection.
You'll have the wire
in a week at most.
[♪ tense music playing]
♪♪
[Etta breathing heavily]
[in Spanish]
No toque eso.
[Etta] How bad was it?
Gunshot grazed you.
knife missed internal organs.
-Ow!
-Another day or two.
sepsis would have set in.
But that's what
antibiotics are for.
-How you feeling?
-[Etta] Okay.
Considering.
You're young.
You'll heal quickly.
And have a couple scars.
I can help with that.
Enhance your cup size. make it
so no one looks anywhere else.
I'm good with eye contact.
thanks.
Take this with food
twice a day.
[pills rattle]
[inhales deeply. groans]
[groans. pants]
[straining]
How much do I owe you?
Fifteen hundred. Cash.
I don't have that kind of money.
Do you think I work for free?
That this is some sort
of negotiation?
I would be happy
to work off my debt.
I can do whatever you need.
bookkeeping. cleaning.
scheduling.
I don't need
no fucking apprentice.
Like I said. I don't have--
Bring me my money
by the end of the day.
or I call the police
with an anonymous tip
about a girl.
A girl who looks just like you.
Gunshot and stabbed girl.
a girl who's messed up
with some bad people.
[in Spanish]
Ilegales.
[in English]
And your fingerprints
will stand
as my receipt.
Fifteen hundred dollars?
How will you
come up with that?
I know a place
in Key Largo.
Give me a ride?
I'll pay you.
Both of you.
How much?
A hundred each. plus gas money.
Today is my day off.
I spend my day off
with my kitties.
Bring 'em along.
[♪ "Ride Like the Wind"
by Christopher Cross playing]
[kittens meowing]
[singing along]
♪ It is the night ♪
♪ My body's weak ♪
♪ I'm on the run
no time to sleep ♪
No. My truck. My music.
♪ ...ride like the wind ♪
Christopher Cross is the best.
My dad would agree with you.
[laughing] Played it all
the time when I was a kid.
[sniffles]
[♪ somber music playing]
[Lovely]
Are you okay?
Yeah. fine.
Did you know Michael McDonald
sings backup on this track?
Mm! Mm-hmm. And...
♪ I really don't know anymore ♪
[laughing] Deep cut.
You must really love this album.
It was released
in December 1979.
Cross won five Grammys in 1981.
Record of the year
for "Sailing." my favorite.
Song of the year.
Album of the year.
Certified five times. Platinum.
Over five million copies
sold nationwide.
Someday. I'll find this LP
and add it to my collection.
Is this "Yacht Rock"
all you listen to?
Yes. It's relaxing.
[♪ "Ride Like the Wind"
continues playing]
♪♪
[♪ "Kay Koulé Trouba"
by Wesli playing]
[people chattering]
Hey!
That is not a Haitian dish.
It's menudo.
my mother's recipe.
Why bring it here?
As a first-generation American
and local business owner.
I like to connect with others
who share my story.
And what better way
to connect than through food?
[Dominick Pierre]
Local business owner?
You live on San Marino Island.
Ms. Carver.
Are you stalking me.
Councilman?
I vetted you.
You received
the same treatment
as every other developer
looking to capitalize
on Little Haiti's
10-foot elevation.
[Caroline chuckles]
Although. you are the only one
who thought to try
to win over my constituents
with homemade soup.
Treating each developer the same
doesn't serve your district.
A capitalist is a capitalist.
I'm the only Miami native.
You're still an interloper.
Silicon Valley tech bros
and Big Apple hedge-funders
don't have your community's
interests at heart.
My project accounts
for low-income housing
and mixed-use retail space
so local business owners
aren't priced out
of their neighborhood.
How altruistic.
Are my competitors willing
to spend $20 million
on the soccer complex
you're looking to build?
I haven't asked.
With me. you won't have to.
Come to my office.
Hear my pitch.
[Dominick] The council
has made their decision.
The GreyStone Developers
have won the bid.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
♪♪
[♪ gentle music playing]
[muffled boom]
[inhales sharply]
[Lovely] Is that
where your family died?
[sighs]
At least the house didn't burn.
Alright. park up there.
I'll slip in. grab the cash.
meet you guys back here.
-Slip in?
-Police are everywhere.
[Etta] There are cops
on the other side of this. too.
if I don't pay
that back alley doctor.
[brakes squealing]
She is trouble.
We leave her here.
You leave me.
you don't get paid.
We will wait.
You get caught. we leave.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[leaves crunching]
[police radio chatter]
[panting]
[groans]
[pants]
[grunts]
[groans]
[officer]
I thought I saw something.
Let's go around back and check.
[police radio chatter]
[♪ tense music playing]
[groans]
[wincing]
♪♪
[sniffling]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales sharply]
♪♪
[police siren chirping]
[grunting]
♪♪
[exhales sharply]
[distant siren wailing]
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
Oh. Hey. man.
[camera shutter clicking]
Go ahead.
[officers chattering]
Hey. Isabel.
Kincaid.
[Kincaid] Thanks
for granting me access.
Scratch my back.
I scratch yours.
Ah. you devil.
Who sent you down here?
Ah. come on. Izz.
You know better than to ask.
[sighs]
Yeah. yeah. Hoping one day
you'll come back to join us.
You want to pay my alimony?
No. I do not.
Well...
[Isabel]
The entire family was killed.
Shot at close range before
their bodies were torched.
Didn't leave much to work with.
Family of seven?
[Isabel] Eight.
One of the victims
was full-term.
Jesus.
Execution-style killing is.
uh. is rare for the Keys.
That's why MDPD's
been pulled in.
Forensics find anything?
Trace amounts
of cocaine. heroin.
and marijuana on boats
registered to Dan
and Leah Jonze.
Luggage loaded into vehicles.
Looks like the family
was running drugs.
Tried to leave in a hurry and--
And didn't make it. yeah.
Any leads on who they
might have been running for?
Throw a rock.
You know how many
cartels operate
-in South Florida.
-[Kincaid] Ah.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Mind if I check out the house?
[panting]
[grunts]
[pants]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[laughs]
[crying]
[sniffles]
[gasps]
[door opens]
[♪ foreboding music playing]
[gloves snapping]
♪♪
[camera shutter clicks]
[♪ tense music playing]
Hey! Hey! No.
Hey! Stop!
What the hell are you doing?
This is an active crime scene.
How did you get back here?
Oh. Christ. you're deaf.
Uh. no cleaning today.
Do you understand? Y--
No trabajo.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
no. no. no. no. hey.
Stay here.
[♪ tense music playing]
[clears throat]
[Kincaid] Hey! Stop!
Who was that?
Some deaf cleaning girl.
Neighbor said a girl worked
for the Jonzes.
Anita.
I'll have a uni track her down
once the crime scene's
been processed.
♪♪
[pants] Go. Go. go!
[engine starts]
♪♪
[counting quietly]
[sighs]
Eighteen-hundred and sixty.
[sighs] Alright.
As promised.
My first Benjamin. [giggles]
For kitten food and litter.
Mama Cat will thank you.
Mama Cat left. They have me.
How long have you been in Miami?
You come with your family?
No.
They're still in Haiti?
They died in a hurricane.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
It was a long time ago.
Tiger-Jonze Marina is your home?
Not anymore.
-[Stanley] Because of the fire?
-Because men killed my family.
The 12 men you want to kill?
Kill? Why would you think that?
Lovely.
You told her on the raft.
she told me.
[Lovely] Why are you looking
at me like that?
You said you wanted
to kill 12 men.
Avenge your family.
I am not judging you.
I've seen people I love...
gunned down by gangsters.
run out of their homes.
I have walked
through ashes. too.
They're not crying.
[♪ tense music playing]
-[Lovely] Stanley!
-Whoa!
-[Stanley] They're dead!
-[tires screeching]
[horn blares]
[Etta] They're okay. Stanley.
They're okay!
-Whoa-- Oh!
-They're dead!
They're not dead. Stanley.
I don't want them to die!
[siren wailing]
-[Lovely] No. no. no.
-[shouts indistinctly]
[siren wailing]
Easy. Easy.
I do not have any ID.
I don't either.
[breathing heavily]
It'll be okay.
[officer] [over speakers]
Pull the vehicle over.
[Etta] Stanley. they're okay.
They're just sleeping.
[♪ tense music playing]
[breathing heavily]
♪♪
[breathing shakily]
[indistinct radio chatter]
You know what you did
back there?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What the hell is going on here?
Uh. hi. Uh. he didn't mean
to drive erratically. Officer.
Or speed. It's just that Stanley
is neurodivergent.
and specific things
can trigger an episode.
And he thought
his kittens were sick.
and they mean a lot to him--
License and registration.
[breathing heavily]
Wait inside the vehicle.
[♪ tense music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[Etta] Don't worry. Stanley.
They're breathing.
[♪ tense music continues]
[Stanley]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Please don't.
-[Stanley] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry...
[singing] ♪ Well. it's not
far down to paradise ♪
♪ At least it's not for me ♪
♪ And if the wind is right
you can sail away ♪
♪ Find tranquility ♪
[both] ♪ Oh. the canvas
can do miracles ♪
♪ Just you wait and see ♪
♪ Believe me ♪
[deep sighs]
[all] ♪ Sailing ♪
-♪ Takes me away-- ♪
-[officer] Mr. Cheri...
are you okay to drive?
[police radio chatter]
Mr. Cheri. I need to know if you
can safely operate this vehicle.
I'm okay.
[Lovely] [chuckles]
How did you know to do that?
I saw it
in a documentary.
I have seen documentaries. too.
Does not mean
I remember details.
[panting]
Guess that one stuck.
How did you know about Stanley?
I've seen people
like him before.
How's that? You like it.
You knew how to get
through to him.
It presents
as social awkwardness.
It's not a big deal--
Are you some kind
of genius?
[laughing] Hardly.
I just sponge up information.
If I've read it. seen it.
or heard it...
it gets locked in my mind.
[chuckling exhale]
What a blessing.
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
[♪ solemn music playing]
Until it's not.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
What the hell is this?
That is a notebook.
It's my mom's handwriting.
but it's all written
in some sort of code.
[server] Order number 22.
[Etta] Ah. Thanks.
[in Creole] Allô. Rodrigo.
I like your skates.
Oh. thanks.
And your smile. [giggles]
Appreciate you.
Alright.
I gotta get back to work.
[Lovely] Ah!
Au revoir. Rodrigo.
Lovely.
bacon double cheeseburger.
Mm.
[Etta]
Stanley. crispy chicken.
Extra pickles.
First taste
of American fast food?
[sighs]
What do you think?
Not as good
as my mother's cooking...
but very tasty.
[laughs]
Where's Mom now?
With God.
-I didn't mean to--
-It-- It is okay.
What gives me peace
is knowing she is at peace.
She wanted me here years ago.
but... I could not leave.
Not until I knew she was
safely on the other side.
It's good you got
to say goodbye.
[♪ poignant music playing]
[blows]
Ms. Caroline?
[gasps]
Nancy is here.
[kiss smacks]
[Caroline] Hey. Nance.
Hey. Oh.
[sighs]
-[kiss smacks]
-[groans]
-[waves lapping]
-[sea birds calling]
-[Caroline sighs]
-How are you holding up? Hmm?
I miss him.
Oh. Of course you do.
the old prick.
Withdrawn.
He was a great man.
Who deserves to be honored.
What do you want to do?
Start a foundation in his name?
-Donate?
-Break ground on a new project.
How very you.
[Caroline]
There's only one problem.
[sighs]
The bid went to someone else.
Ah. Tell me who to target.
I'll take care of it.
Look who's back.
You have my money?
It's all there.
Fifteen hundred.
[Maribel] Hmm. So.
the stabbed girl is resourceful.
I'm a problem solver.
It's all here.
I never saw you.
And I will lose your prints.
I'm sorry about your family.
[Etta] Thank you.
[♪ club music playing]
[snorts]
[sniffles. exhales]
What is that?
Is that camera?
It's hidden camera.
It's hidden fucking camera.
Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
There's no camera.
It's just a hole.
No. Federov can see me.
He knows!
Fuck!
[cell phone notification chimes]
[Kazimir] Who is that?
Don't worry about it.
Who are you texting?
Anya.
Hey! Hey!
[multiple gunshots]
-[gun clicking]
-[body thuds]
[Kazimir] Fucking rat!
Fucking hell!
[♪ tense music playing]
[muttering indistinctly]
[grunts]
[snorts]
[groans. chokes]
[grunts. chokes]
[gagging. choking]
♪♪
[neck snapping]
[body thuds]
[grunts]
♪♪
[Elias] I solved the problem.
Let's go.
[sniffles]
[gunshot]
[Elias]
Kazimir was a liability.
[Mateo]
I didn't tell you to kill him.
He was going to expose you
to Federov.
He needed to be
dealt with quickly.
I don't need context.
I need loyalty.
The call was mine to make.
Your father would understand.
The old man is gone!
[♪ tense music playing]
He counted on you. Elias.
Can I?
[♪ tense music continues]
I swore to your father I would
protect you and your brother.
[♪ tense music continues]
[door closes]
♪♪
Like Dad said.
a one-owner dog...
needs a strong hand.
[people chattering]
[Elias]
Your favorite. my old friend.
[♪ poignant music playing]
[ambient street noise]
[♪ reggaeton music
playing over speakers]
-[driver] Hey! Wake up. dude!
-[horn honking]
Get out of the way!
-[engine revving]
-[glass shattering]
-Oh!
-[laughter]
-[slams hood]
-There goes breakfast!
Oh. we just broke your eggs?
[laughter]
A goose will lay some more!
[laughter continues]
[♪ ominous music playing]
-What?
-Oh!
-[head thudding]
-[horn honking]
Hey. hey!
We're really sorry. man!
-[punch thuds]
-[grunts]
-Oh. shit.
-[grunting]
-[bone cracking]
-[yells]
-[punch thuds]
-[groans]
[♪ ominous music continues]
[♪ reggaeton music continues
playing over speakers]
My most trusted friend.
[people chattering]
I've decided something.
Okay.
You can stay
in my Chevy tonight.
You said I was trouble.
You are.
So. why the change of heart?
You're also good.
You don't know that.
I do.
Maybe I was wrong about you.
Thanks. Stanley.
You're welcome.
[lighter clicking]
Your picture. please.
-What picture?
-The one tucked in your shorts.
Why?
This is a funeral
for your family.
-No.
-You need to mourn them.
What good does it do?
Won't change anything.
Won't bring 'em back.
Pushing thoughts of your
family away will not work.
The dead do not wish
to be forgotten.
As if I could.
I will never forget them.
I will never forget
what happened!
♪♪
It is seared into my mind!
[muffled gunfire]
[flames whooshing]
Then do not do it... for you.
Do it for them.
Their souls deserve
safe passage
to the other side.
[♪ solemn music playing]
Fine. Jesus.
Eh. if you prefer.
I was going to pray to Bondye.
Like God?
[in French] Oui.
[waves crashing gently]
♪♪
[kittens meowing]
Is there anything
you would like to say?
I don't know. What should I say?
Whatever is in your heart.
[♪ solemn music playing]
[crying] I miss you all.
So much.
[inhales sharply]
Mom...
I love you.
I'm really sorry
I didn't say it back.
[sobs]
Wyatt. Nate. I love you.
[cries]
And Carla...
Rosi... and your baby.
Dad. I love you.
[sobbing] God. I miss you
so much. Daddy.
Come here. It's okay.
[crying]
Bye. Dad.
[sniffles]
[coughs]
[groans]
-[exhales forcefully]
-Bondye...
please safely guide
the souls of this family
to heaven.
[sobs softly]
Wait. that's the only one
I have. Wait.
You will carry them
in your heart.
Will... Will the prayer
and the Bondye stuff
still work if I keep it?
Of course.
[exhales heavily]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[exhales]
Why'd you save me?
I had a dream about you
before I found you
in the ocean.
You saved me because of a dream?
Dreams contain
very important messages.
♪♪
We are connected
until the message is received.
[waves crashing gently]
This may be hard...
to see right now.
but there is a purpose
for you. too.
♪♪
I'm gonna find them...
and I'm gonna kill them.
All of 'em.
[♪ solemn music playing]
♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm